
JOHN DIALOGUE PUZZLE:

1a1. John, you have to fix this.
	JOHN: Me? You want me to fix this?
		PC:
		1b1. Yes.
			JOHN: What do you imagine I can do to fix this?
		PC:
		1c1. You could use your enormous brain.
			JOHN: What's in it for me?
			PC:	
			1c2a: A big thank you and a firm handshake.
				JOHN: Well that will certainly make up for everything.
			1c2b: The League's appreciation for all your hard work over the years.
				JOHN: Oh, spare me.
				PC:
				1d1: Come on John, we all appreciate you here.
					JOHN: What's my surname?
					PC:
					1e1: Smith.
						JOHN: You're not even trying.
					1e2: McCruthers.
						JOHN: No.
					1e3: John.
						JOHN: No, that's my first name.
					1e4: Brzeczyszczykiewicz.
						JOHN: No.
			1c2c: That attitude isn't helping the team now, is it?
				JOHN: The team hasn't remembered my birthday for the past eight years.
		1d1: No.
			JOHN: Then what are you bothering me for? Go tell Barry to fix it.
		1e1: I think you're the only one here who can.
			JOHN: You're probably right.
				[All these dialogue choices lead to the same reply from John]
				1e2: You're our only hope!
				1e2: We can't do it without you!
				1e2: The fate of the League rests on your shoulders.
					JOHN: Wow it's so nice to be needed. The answer is no.

2a. John, what should we do?
	JOHN: I think you should get Barry to fix the problem he caused.
		PC:
		2b1: I don't think he can.
			JOHN: I'm sure he'll work it out eventually.
		2b2: I don't think he wants to.
			JOHN: I know how he feels.
		2b3: I think he's caused enough damage for one day.
			JOHN: He broke it, he can fix it. That's all I'm going to say about it.

3a1. John, I need your help.
	JOHN: What on Canopus do you think I can do about this?
		PC:
		3b1. I thought you might have some ideas.
			JOHN: That's some inspirational leadership right there.
		3b2. I don't know.
			JOHN: Well, neither do I.
		3b3: You're an engineer, aren't you?
			JOHN:
			You could says I'm an "engineer". You could also say that I modelled a nuclear reactor out of pinebark when I was 12, I have a first-class degree in quantum propulsion systems, and I was headhunted by the Australian National Astrophysics League before I'd even taken my final exams with promises of overseeing the biggest and most powerful engines humanity had ever devised.
			
			Then these stupid AI computers came along and now I press buttons all day asking the computer to find answers to things I devoted my life to studying, and the only tech I'm allowed to go anywhere near is the coffee machine.

			And we ran out of coffee three years ago.
		
			But sure. "Engineer".

			[next dialogue loops]
			PC:
			3c1. I bet you could fix it.
				JOHN: I bet you I'm not going to.
			3c2. Can you think of some way to fix this?
				JOHN: I don't think a lowly "engineer" has any business fiddling with a G38k Kermit Quantum AI Nanoflux Supercomputer.
				PC:
				3d1. I bet you'd like to though.
					JOHN: ...
					[loops until all choices are selected, in any order]
					PC:
					3e1: I bet you really hate that computer.
						JOHN: ...
					3e2: I bet you're disappointed that the League reduced you to a button-pushing errand-boy.
						JOHN: ...
					3e3: I bet you feel like you really wasted your youth on all that study.
						JOHN: ...
					3e4: I bet you'd really like to show this computer how you really feel.
						JOHN: ...

						JOHN: AAARRRRRRRGH!!
						[John smashes his console - it fixes the ship's interface by -% ]

			[the next dialogue choice and corresponding answer rotates on the same panel with the above dialogue options]
			3c3a. What if you align the phase manifold?
				JOHN: We don't have enough titanium.
			3c3b. What if you check the combustion seals?
				JOHN: I am NOT going into the reactor chamber again.
			3c3c. What about hydrating the flux probes?
				JOHN: I get the feeling you're making these things up.
			3c3d. What if you restart the synaptic motivators?
				JOHN: I don't think I could begin to explain in simple terms why that wouldn't work.
			3c3e. What about flooding the vac inhibitors with sodium trihydroflurodoxetine to trigger an hydrolygesic feedback decouplement?
				JOHN: Yes I thought about that but we don't have enough methylaluniminestricate to counter to secondary neurotrioxin-3 inversion.

4a. I'm scared, John.
	JOHN: Oh, give me a break.