
On a long-range scouting mission into deep space, the crew of the [ship's name] are a long way from a hot shower. Their mission: to patrol the galaxy looking for unstable planets to destroy, trailblazing the way for mineral harvest ships following them some years behind. Lieutenant [PC name], Third Officer, commands the Night Watch. Lieutenant [PC name] has heard all the jokes now about it always being night in deep space, and the edge really wore off when it became clear that "it's always night" came to being used as a convenient excuse for him and his team to be summoned to respond to any unpleasant shipboard matters.

And so, the luckless Night Watch became the go-to guys for the worst pickings of the [ship's name] hen house. Captain has a sniffle? Night Watch pulls a double shift. The heads are overflowing after another 'saveloy Saturday'? Night Watch. Someone left the reactor core safety gatch open? Bring the bronzer, looks like Night Watch are getting a nice tan this week.

Pilot Barry thought commanding a frigate with the power to destroy a planet would be a dream job, but after the first week he realised that most of space is a lot of empty space, and piloting doesn't require very much maneuvering. After ten years he's lost count of the number of time he's wished he'd brought a good book.

Engineer John graduated top of his university course. He went on the complete a Masters degree in advanced quantum propulsion systems in less than a year. He was headhunted by the Australian National Astrophysics League and was the first choice in every round of panel interviews. He was assigned to the [ship's name] and assured that it was the first step in a what was sure to be a prestigious career.

That was approximately two months before Dr Kermit Ferguson made his famous breakthrough in computer AI systems, successfully developing the first sentient computer AI which, despite countless testing, never failed a Turing test. The League was an early adopter of this technology and its flagship [ship's name] was the first of the fleet to have a fully sentient computer AI monitoring system installed. Engineer John's years of expertise and training were rendered obsolete immediately and his role was reduced to requesting the computer AI do what he had spent his entire life training to do. As a result, John harbours some resentment towards the computer, the League, and most sentient life in general.

It's a typical night for the Night Watch. Lieutenant [PC name] has just come on duty and begins the usual watch checks with Pilot Barry and Engineer John. Due to an attempt to overcome boredom and develop a new hobby, Barry has managed to change the highly sophisticated computer AI's interface to Russian, which none of the crew understand, or read. Consequently, the crew don't know how to change this back. They also soon find that as well as changing the language interface, the computer AI's personality has adopted that of a surly, short-tempered Slavic babushka.

However, it's the Night Watch, and surely tonight can't be worse than the aftermath of the last 'saveloy Saturday' (John still can't look at a bowl of muesli without turning green). The mission must continue.

First of all, the crew must locate the bomb hangar bay on the console screen and visually inspect the bomb.

Lieutenant [PC name] must convince, cajole and control his crew in order to locate the bomb hangar bay on the console screen, to arm the bomb, target a planet, and successfully launch, all via a computer interface which has taken to shouting at them with what they presume to be very unflattering Russian adjectives.